so very good evening ladies and
gentlemen I have Mr Rajiv mirani from
icci Lombard vice president motor and
claim so very good evening to you sir
okay and first of all very much
congratulation on winning the award and
uh just wanted to know about your
feeling after winning a such prestigious
award uh thank you so much uh sinx and
uh lumic uh so I feel uh proud happy and
you know uh humble uh while seeing this
award and uh happy to uh see that you
know our efforts are getting recognized
and we are motivated to do much better
uh in the coming years so that uh the
customer gets
benefited thank you so much sir thank
you for your kind words okay uh your
next question was that uh being a
industry expert how you see uh Insurance
Industries in coming next 5 years okay
so if we talk about the next 5 years uh
I see you know G space to uh as We Know
currently we are only able to uh cover
you know we are just size of the G or
the insurance is 1% of the GDP and we we
we see you know a lot of opportunities
99% of uh you know opportunities are
open uh to cover so we we you know see
exponential growth in coming years and
not only uh in uh C A cities but uh in
the rural sectors as well so we we uh we
see lot of opportunities available to
grab and cover thank you so much sir
thank you for kind words okay so my last
question for you that uh I would like to
share your thoughts on the current
opportunity and the current challenges
in the Indian market so how you seen uh
this challenges and this
opportunity so I don't see any
challenges it's all about you know how
you uh project uh uh the product or you
know how we uh make it more venient and
more uh meaningful products for the uh
larger industry or larger customers Bas
and uh it's all about you know uh uh you
know giving them a value proposition and
uh uh you know uh putting uh product in
a manner where customer sees there is a
uh value or there is a benefit uh in uh
securing their assets so it's all about
education it's all about uh you know
know reaching out uh or the distribution
uh expansion what we need to do and uh
it's all about you know make uh the
product is uh or the uh the price is uh
uh cost effective that's what I see as a
opportunities there is no challenge as
such it's all about opportunities we
just need to cover thank you so much
thank you so much sir thank you for I
will I will not take your much time as I
told it for the last question but being
little bit greedy onto being on sinx
part I just wanted to know your
experience with working with sinx for
India Insurance Summit and awards so uh
so feel uh very happy you know they are
uh uh you know putting every insurer
into one umbrella and you know trying to
provide lot of solutions around uh
digital space and that's a great uh
initiative or great efforts uh done by
you know SX and uh team and I'm happy
that you know the such initiative will
um take you know the industry to a Next
Level thank you so much so much thank
you so much so ladies and gentlemen Mr
Raj mirani from IC Lombard one of the
award winners for the India Insurance
Summit and awards thank you sir